Elliott Cochran

How to brush your teeth

To brush your teeth pick up a toothbrush by the handle.  Then unscrew the tooth paste by turning the cap counterclockwise.  Then put toothpaste on the bristles of the brush.  Set the paste down and turn on the faucet.  Then put the toothbrush under the water for 5 seconds and then take it out and begin brushing your teeth in clockwise circles with the bristles on your teeth for 2 minutes.

Pickup toothpaste
With other hand turn cap counterclockwise until the lid is off
With free hand open pickup brush by handle.
Squeeze paste onto brush bristles
Set down paste
With open hand turn on water 
Place brush under water for 5 seconds
Take bruch out of water
Put brush in mouth
Brush teeth with bristles for 2 minutes
Place brush under water for 5 seconds
Set brush down 
Spit out paste
Turn off water
End

					How to eat an orange
In order to eat an orange you need to pick it up, and pierce the skin of the orange with anything.  After this peel away all the skin, then separate the slices the orange has already made. After this eat the orange one slice at a time.

Pick up orange
Pierce skin with fingernail
Peel the orange skin away from orange until it is all gone
Seperate the orange slices the orange grew into
Eat orange one slice at a time
End


How to Write Your Name 

In order to write your name, with a free hand pick up a pen.  Find the cap to the pen and pull it off.  Hold the pen 1 inch from the ink tip and point the tip of the pen to the paper.  Then place the point on the paper where you want to write.  Then trace your name letter by letter and put a 2mm gap in between each letter and a 5mm gap inbetween your first and last name. Pick up cap with empty hand and put the open end onto the tip of the pen and push.  You are done.

Pick up pen
Find cap
Pull pen cap away from you
Set down pen cap
Hold pen 1 inch from the tip
Point the tip at the paper
Place the tip where you want to write
Trace your name letter by letter while the tip is on the paper
Put 2mm gap between each letter
Put 5mm gap between your first and last name
Take pen off paper
With free hand pick up cap
Place open end of the cap onto the tip of the pen
Push the cap onto the pen
Stop pushing 
end
